Founded in 1962, we started as a machinery manufacturing company with our products specifically 
targeted to the tectile industry. From our basic product.The company now offers its customers a wide range of 
machines. The manufacturing Plant was started at Navsari in South Gujarat,  a couple of miles away from Surat-one of the 
largest textile manufacturing zone in India.
 
The First machine developed and manufactured was the Cone Winder. The same was marketed and sold
to domestic clients.This machine was well accepted in the market and the Company started getting orders 
from all the corners of the country.


The Company, then, went into foreign collabrations with many world leaders in the manufacture of
textile machineries.
This included:

FR METTLER SONS LTD., SWITZERLAND.
JAEGGLI MACHINE WORKS LTD., SWITZERLAND.
SCHELLER GMBH, GERMANY.
OFFICINE MECCANICHE RIVA SRL,ITALY. 

The Company in its R&D designed and manufactured these machines with latest technolgy
upgradtaion and by the year 2000, the Company sells the follwing machines to domestic and export markets.


An In-House Tool Room is used for development work as well as the production of high precision Jigs,Fixtures
Press,Tools,etc.These items are checked regularly to ensure consistent and the percentage of rejection is nil.
The Tool Room is equipped with all types of precisison machines including Grinding machines , Tool and Cutter
Grinder,Pentograph machines,etc.to cope with our demanding requirements.


Engineering Design is carried out on an intelligent Computer Aided Design(CAD) system. The CNC machines which are
capable of 3 - Dimensional machining are linked with the aforementioned CAD- CAM system.Solid Modelling is used 
to allow the designer to predict performance of the product at the design stage itself.Jigs,Fixtures and Patterns are also
developed using this facility. Software for the Computer Aided Machinig is used to incorporate various tools into the machinig program,
which are then directly transferred to the CNC machines.

Quality is an obession with those at PEASS.All the components are inspected at every stage 
with utmost care. Quality in the Assembly Department is controlled at the Bench and Floor Assembly stages to 
minimize any problems at the customer's end.A separate Spares and Services cell functions for after sales services and the supply of 
spare parts.The Customer Services Manager handles the customer grievqances and provides feedback for continous improvement in 
our products.


A LAN based EDP Department is established for the automation and speedy execution of Administrative
,Production, Planning and Inventory Control requirements.

Human Resource Development is an ongoing process at PEASS. Trainig to all employess at all levels
is imparted regularly.Employee involvement programs like Quality Circles have been underway for some time  now
and they have yielded very encouragiing results.


A strong ancillary base has also been developed over the years. Most of the ancillary units work
for PEASS exclusively. Not Only are they given technical assistance, but there is also a constant process
 of survillance and qualtiy audits done at thier premises by PEASS Engineers.



